
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000022                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    21628500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   21628500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  34986                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    63091                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              129119733                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 663396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5859                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         10567                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data            8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total              26880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        17920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         17920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data              140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                 420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst          828536422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          414268211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1242804633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     828536422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        828536422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst         828536422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         414268211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1242804633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                         422                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                       422                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                  27008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   27008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                      21613000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                   422                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples           97                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    243.463918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.453655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   247.119154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           31     31.96%     31.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           33     34.02%     65.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           16     16.49%     82.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511            4      4.12%     86.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639            4      4.12%     90.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            2      2.06%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      1.03%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      2.06%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      4.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total           97                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                      4119500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                12032000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    2110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9761.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28511.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1248.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1248.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         9.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     9.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.65                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                      313                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 74.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      51215.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    74.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                   166320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                    90750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                  928200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy              1017120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             10792665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                32250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy               13027305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            822.820464                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       107750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF        520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      15314750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                   415800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   226875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 1458600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy              1017120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             10715715                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                99750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy               13933860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            880.079583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       102500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF        520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      15223750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                    3910                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted              3910                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               588                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                 2830                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                     940                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             33.215548                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     286                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 80                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            43258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              11739                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          17838                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                        3910                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches               1226                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                         10532                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    1309                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   55                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           912                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                      2400                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   299                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples              23905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.313826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.804213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    19121     79.99%     79.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                      226      0.95%     80.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                      177      0.74%     81.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                      291      1.22%     82.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                      277      1.16%     84.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      224      0.94%     84.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                      372      1.56%     86.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                      242      1.01%     87.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                     2975     12.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                23905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.090388                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.412363                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    11424                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                  7589                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                      3747                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                   491                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                    654                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                  29121                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                    654                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                    11718                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                    2498                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles            776                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                      3895                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                  4364                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                  27347                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                     87                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                   4214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands               31314                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                 66434                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups            37129                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups                 4                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                 12136                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    19178                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 31                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             31                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                      1550                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                 2538                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                1631                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                21                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                6                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                      24166                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  26                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                     20033                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               155                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           13625                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        18941                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         23905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.838026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.810103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               18335     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                1165      4.87%     81.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 942      3.94%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 669      2.80%     88.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 878      3.67%     91.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 643      2.69%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 785      3.28%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 364      1.52%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 124      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           23905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     255     83.06%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     34     11.07%     94.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    18      5.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 3      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                 16377     81.75%     81.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   30      0.15%     81.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     7      0.03%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                 2218     11.07%     93.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                1398      6.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                  20033                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.463105                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         307                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.015325                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              64425                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes             37824                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        18370                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   8                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  8                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            4                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                  20333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       4                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              229                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1443                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          688                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                    654                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    1979                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    66                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts               24192                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                  2538                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                 1631                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 26                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      4                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            138                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          612                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                  750                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                 18926                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                  2038                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                         3330                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                     1843                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                       1292                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.437514                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                          18650                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                         18374                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                     12278                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                     19182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.424754                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.640079                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           13624                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              12                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts               641                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        21665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        18151     83.78%     83.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         1066      4.92%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          599      2.76%     91.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          802      3.70%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          434      2.00%     97.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          144      0.66%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          121      0.56%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           69      0.32%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          279      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        21665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                 5859                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                  10567                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                           2038                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                          1095                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                       1350                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                     10450                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                  114                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu             8513     80.56%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               8      0.08%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                7      0.07%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            1095     10.36%     91.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            943      8.92%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total             10567                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                   279                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                        45577                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                       50652                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             157                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           19353                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5859                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                         10567                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               7.383171                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         7.383171                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.135443                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.135443                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                    23246                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                   14605                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                         4                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                      9173                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                     5784                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                    8053                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            80.970609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                2495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             17.821429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    80.970609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.079073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.079073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.136719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              5520                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses             5520                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          2495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             2495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         2495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            2495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           76                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      9311750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9311750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6223000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6223000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     15534750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15534750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     15534750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15534750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.068117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.080594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.072491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.072491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        78250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        78250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81881.578947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81881.578947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79665.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79665.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79665.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79665.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          174                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    34.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data           53                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5482250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5482250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6077000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6077000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     11559250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11559250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     11559250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11559250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.080594                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080594                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.052788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.052788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83064.393939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83064.393939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79960.526316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79960.526316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81403.169014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81403.169014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81403.169014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81403.169014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                31                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           121.978148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                2011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              7.056140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   121.978148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.238239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.238239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.496094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses              5085                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses             5085                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         2011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            2011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          2011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             2011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         2011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            2011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28888750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28888750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28888750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     28888750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28888750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     28888750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         2400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         2400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         2400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         2400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.162083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.162083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.162083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.162083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.162083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.162083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74264.138817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74264.138817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74264.138817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74264.138817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74264.138817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74264.138817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21994750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21994750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21994750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21994750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21994750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21994750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.118750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.118750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.118750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77174.561404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77174.561404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77174.561404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77174.561404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77174.561404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77174.561404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                   163.941521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                           5                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.014535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        133.359012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         30.582508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.004070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.005003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.010498                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                      3836                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                     3836                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst                    5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                       5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                        5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                       5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                   346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               76                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  76                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                 142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                280                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   422                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21656250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5418250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        27074500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6001000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       6001000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      21656250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      11419250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         33075500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21656250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     11419250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        33075500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst              285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               66                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                 351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data               142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                  427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data              142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                 427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.982456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.985755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data             1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.982456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.988290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.982456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.988290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77343.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82094.696970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        78250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78960.526316                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78960.526316                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77343.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80417.253521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78377.962085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77343.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80417.253521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78377.962085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             76                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data           142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18150250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4608250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22758500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5043500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5043500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18150250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9651750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18150250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9651750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.982456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.982456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.988290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.982456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.988290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64822.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69821.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65776.011561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66361.842105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66361.842105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64822.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67970.070423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65881.516588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64822.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67970.070423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65881.516588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 346                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                344                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                76                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               76                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total          842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        26880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        26880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   26880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               422                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     422    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 422                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2247500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             10.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                351                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               349                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               76                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              76                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                   852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        18240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                  27200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples              427                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                    427    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total                427                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             213500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            485250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            238250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
